# Artifact Evaluation


## 1. Preparation

Please download the data package (about 400 MB) and uncompress the data package (about 3 GB after uncompression).

``` sh
$ tar -zxvf AE.tar.gz
```

Please ensure your environment satisfying the following requirements. In particular, to apply ProFL on subjects in Defects4J, it is preferrable to compile the project with JDK 1.7. 

``` sh
JDK 1.7, Python 3+, numpy, Maven 3.6+
```



## 2. Experiment Reproduction
In the directory `AE/script/`, each bash script (i.e., `Table-*.sh`) runs experiments and logs results which are relevant to the tables in the paper. 
For example, executing the script `Table-5.sh` can collect and report the results in Table-5; the generated results are in the file `Table-5.csv` in the directory `AE/script/final-results/`.

```sh
$ cd AE/script
$ ./Table-5.sh
```
In detail, `Table-5.sh`, for each subject in Defect4J-1.2.0, it first runs spectrum, Muse, Metallaxis, MCBFL and ProFL techniques via executing `MBFL.py` (It would take longer time for Closure than other subjects since Closure is much larger);
secondly, it merges the results of each subject via executing `full-logBug.py`; lastly, it executes `table5.py` to print the results in the form of table and logs them in the `AE/script/final-results/` directory.

Similarly, all the data in the paper can be reproduced by executing relevant `Table-*.sh` script code.


## 3. Tool
ProFL has been implemented as a fully automated Maven plugin, 
which is integrated on the latest byte code program repair tool PraPR. 
To apply ProFL on a Java project,  you only need to 
(1) install ProFL to the local maven repository; 
(2) configure ProFL in the pom.xml of the target subject; 
(3) execute ProFL via maven command.



### 3.1 Install ProFL
Install the ProFL into the local maven repository. 

```sh
$ cd AE/tool/proFL
$ mvn clean install -Dhttps.protocols=TLSv1.2
```

If you encounter compilation error (e.g., saying signature of a certain method does not match the supplied arguments), probably your local repository contains some of old JAR files downloaded from Maven Central Repo. Please remove them via `rm -rf ~/.m2/repository/org/pitest` before installation.


### 3.2 Configure ProFL
Insert the following code into the `pom.xml` of the target project (already inserted for the three example projects).


```xml
<plugin>
	<groupId>org.mudebug</groupId>
	<artifactId>prapr-plugin</artifactId>
	<version>2.0.3-SNAPSHOT</version>
</plugin>
```


### 3.3 Execute ProFL
Three examples(i.e., Lang-26, Chart-20, and Time-19) are provided.
Passing the example name to the python script `run-example.py` can execute ProFL for the target example subject.

For example, you can execute ProFL on Lang-26 with the following instructions.

```sh
$ cd AE/tool/examples
$ python3 run-example.py Lang-26
```

It would first execute maven compile and test tasks on the project
and then execute ProFL as a maven plugin.

### 3.4 ProFL Reports
For each subject, the final reports of ProFL are in the subject directory of the `target/prapr-reports/*YYMMDD*/`.
`profl.log` is the fault localization rank list generated by ProFL;
`sbfl.log` is the fault localization rank list generated by spectrum-based fault localization.

We summarize the expected execution information of the three examples as the follows.

Example Name | Bug Method | Ranked by Spectrum | Ranked by ProFL |  Execution Time|
:-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-:
Lang-17 | format | 17 | 1 | < 2 min|
Chart-20|ValueMarker.init | 5 | 1 | < 2 min|
Time-19| getOffsetFromLocal | 77| 1 | < 10 min|


## 4 Data Structure 
All the input or intermediate data are in `data/` directory, 
and the generated log data are  in `script` directory.

### 4.1 Input Data
* data/
	* mutatorResults-0/: APR and Mutation results (full matrix) for each subject
	* 0-partial-mutatorResults-0/: APR results (partial matrix with order 1) for each subject
	* 0-partial-mutatorResults-0/: APR results (partial matrix with order 2) for each subject
	* 0-partial-mutatorResults-0/: APR results (partial matrix with order 3) for each subject
	* FailingTests/: Failing tests for each subject
	* MethodInfo/: Method information for each subject
	* spectrum_ag/: pre-calculated SBFL (due to the large size of coverage data)
	* pk/: page-rank FL reused from previous work
	* TimeLog/: execution cost log for the first version of each subject
	
	
### 4.2 Generated Data
* script/
	* full-results/: all FL results for each version of each subject
		* o-new-1-1-max.csv: Muse_PIT
		* o-meta-4-max.csv: Metallaxis_PIT
		* o-hy-4-max.csv: MCBFL_PIT
		* o-new-1-1-max.csv: ProFL_PIT
		* a-new-1-1-max.csv: Muse_Prapr
		* a-meta-4-max.csv: Metallaxis_Prapr
		* a-hy-4-max.csv: MCBFL_Prapr
		* a-new-1-1-max.csv: ProFL_Prapr
		* a-pk-1-1-max.csv: ProFL_PRFL
		* a-pka-1-1-max.csv: ProFL_PRFLMA
	* logs/: summary of all subjects with whole matrix
	* *-part-results/: partial matrix results with different partial orders
	* *-part-logs/: summary of all subjects with partial matrix
	* final-results: final results in the form of table
	

		

## 5 Code Structure 
All code related to fault localization is in the directory `script/muflscripts-AE/` and 
the code for statistics is in the directory `script/statisticcode/`

* script/muflscripts-AE/
	* FLcode/new/: entry of various FL techniques
		* MBFL.py: entry of full matrix FL
		* part-MBFL.py: entry of partial matrix FL
	* FLcode/refine/base_f2p_advance.py: core code of suspicious score calculation
	* FLcode/preProcess/: data preprocessing
	

